-------------------------------------------------------------------
     
              openMDX Exporter Plugin for Poseidon for UML

-------------------------------------------------------------------

0. What this guide is for

   The openMDX Exporter Plugin for Poseidon for UML allows you to export class 
   diagrams. The exporter generates the following resource types:
   
   - JMI stubs for JDK and J#
   - openMDX schemas and model files required for development and
     runtime
   - Additional model formats
   
   For more information see http://www.openmdx.org. 
   
   
1. Requirements

   You need at least the Standard Edition of Poseidon for UML 2.x (the Community
   Edition has no plugin support)
  

2. Installation

   1. Extract all files of the JAR archive to a directory of your choice, e.g.
      D:\pgm\Poseidon For UML PE 2.5\plugins
   2. Get a license key for the 'openMDX-Exporter' from Gentleware. Install the 
      license with the License Manager(Help -> License Manager).
   3. Open the Plug-Ins Panel(Plug-Ins -> Plug-Ins Panel).
   4. Click the "Add" button and select the file openmdx-poseidon.jar. The
      file is located in the directory openmdx\1.0.1\poseidon\deliverables\lib
      of your previously created plugins directory, e.g.
      D:\pgm\Poseidon For UML PE 2.5\plugins\openmdx\1.0.1\poseidon\deliverables\lib.
   5. The plugin should now appear in the list of installed plugins.
   6. The plugin supports two languages: English and German. You can set the
      language in theEdit -> Settings -> General dialog.


3. How to use the plugin?

   Start the plugin by either selecting Generation -> openMDX Exporter from the
   main menu or by clicking the openMDX icon on the toolbar.

   The plugin will read all the model information contained in the current 
   Poseidon project and export it into a JAR file that can be further processed 
   by the openMDX platform. To do this the plugin prompts you for the model 
   package you like to export and the JAR file that should be used to write the 
   output to. Any problems that occur while exporting are reported by the plugin 
   in its "Found problems" list.


4. How to update the plugin to support the latest version of openMDX?

   The plugin can independently be updated to support the latest version of 
   openMDX by simply replacing the files openmdx-base.jar and openmdx-kernel.jar 
   in your plugin directory. You can get the latest version of these JAR files 
   from the latest openMDX distribution published on http://www.openmdx.org.


5. Troubleshooting

   All the log statements that the plugin generates are redirected to Poseidons 
   own log file 'Poseidon.log'. If you need more log information from the plugin,
   you can increase the log level to force the plugin to printout more log 
   statements to Poseidon.log. Adapt the log level by adding the Java VM option
   "-Dorg.opendmx.log.level=trace" to the Poseidon startup command in the file 
   'poseidon.bat' in the 'bin' directory of your Poseidon installation.


6. Additional information

   If you need information on openMDX, the open source MDA platform, on how to 
   create a valid UML model to be used with the openMDX platform or any other 
   topics, please refer to http://www.openmdx.org/documentation.htm.


7. Contact Information

   OMEX AG
   Technoparkstrasse 1
   CH-8005 Zurich
   Switzerland
  
   Web    http://www.omex.ch  
   EMail  support@omex.ch

---
End of README
